<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
    <title>Atom Feed Display</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../archive_styles.css">
</head>

<body BGCOLOR="#fffffb">
    
    <h1>L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</h1>
    <hr class="solid">
    
    <ul>
        
        
            <p><b>Author:</b> Antoine Riard 2021-04-23 15:39:15
            <br><i>Published on: 2021-04-23T15:39:15+00:00</i></p>

        
        

        
        
        <li>
        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/April_2021/combined_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.xml.html"> Combined Summary of all posts in thread </a>
        </li>
        
        <li>
            
                <a href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-April/018843.html">Click here to read original discussion on the bitcoin-dev mailing list</a>
            
        </li>

    </ul>

    <hr>
    <h3> Summary:</h3>
    <p>A proposal has been made by Antoine Riard to hold a series of one or more IRC meetings to discuss improvements to the tx-relay and mempool acceptance rules of the Bitcoin base layer. The workshops will aim to make advancements in these areas to ease the design and deployment of higher Bitcoin layers. Unfortunately, in-person workshops are not currently possible due to travel restrictions. The proposed topics of discussion include the design of a package relay or another generic L2 fee-bumping primitive like sponsorship, the deprecation of opt-in RBF toward full-rbf, guidelines about coordinated cross-layers security disclosures, and guidelines about L2 protocols onchain security design. There will be a 2-week consultation period to submit other topics related to tx-relay or mempools improvements towards L2s before proposing a finalised scope and agenda. The goals of the workshops are to reach technical consensus and establish a security incident response policy which can be applied by dev teams in the future. Additionally, the workshops aim to establish a philosophy design and associated documentations (BIPs, best practices, etc.). The timeline for the workshops will begin with the start of the consultation period on April 23, 2021 and end with late 2021-05/2021-06 IRC meetings. Antoine has started a collection of documents to assist this workshop, which is still in progress, but he hopes to have them in good shape at agenda publication, with reading suggestions and open questions to structure discussions. Anyone interested in L2s security/p2p/mempool is welcome to get involved.</p>
    <hr>
    <p><i> Updated on: 2023-06-14T20:29:41.914944+00:00 </i></p>
    
    

    <footer>
        <span style="font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">&#10084;&#65039;</span> <a href="https://chaincode.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">Chaincode</a>
    </footer>
</body>

</html>