<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
    <title>Atom Feed Display</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../archive_styles.css">
</head>

<body BGCOLOR="#fffffb">
    
    <h1>L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop <span class="combined-summary">[combined summary]</span></h1>
    <hr class="solid">
    <br><b>Individual post summaries:</b>
    
        <ul>
            
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018875_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.html">L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</a>
                        <b>Antoine Riard 2021-04-27 14:54:12+00:00</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018870_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.html">L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</a>
                        <b>Gloria Zhao 2021-04-26 23:06:34+00:00</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018844_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.html">L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</a>
                        <b>Bastien TEINTURIER 2021-04-23 16:17:36+00:00</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018843_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.html">L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</a>
                        <b>Antoine Riard 2021-04-23 15:39:15+00:00</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018840_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.html">L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</a>
                        <b>Jeremy 2021-04-23 15:25:19+00:00</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/April_2021/018841_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.html">L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</a>
                        <b>Antoine Riard 2021-04-23 15:11:56+00:00</b>
                    </li>
                
            
        </ul>
        
            <a href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-April/018875.html">Click here to read the original discussion on the bitcoin-dev mailing list</a>
        
        <p><i>Published on: 2021-04-27T14:54:12+00:00</i></p>
        <hr>
        <h3>Summary:</h3>
        <p>Antoine Riard, a developer, has proposed a series of online meetings to address security and operational concerns for Lightning and other Bitcoin second-layers. Due to travel restrictions, in-person workshops are not possible this year. The proposed discussion topics include package relay design, deprecation of opt-in RBF towards full-RBF, coordinated cross-layers security disclosures, and L2 protocols onchain security design.Gloria, a Bitcoin developer, has expressed interest in joining the discussion regarding tx-relay and mempool acceptance rules of the base layer. She suggests that the discussion should cover topics such as package relay design and sponsorship as separate discussions. Gloria also recommends being concrete and providing test vectors to create a stable API/set of assumptions between layers.The primary goals of the discussion are to reach technical consensus, establish a security incident response policy, and develop philosophy designs and associated documentations (BIPs, best practices, etc.). A two-week consultation period has been proposed to submit additional topics related to tx-relay or mempools improvements toward L2s before finalizing the scope and agenda.The IRC meetings are planned to be held in late May to early June. Antoine Riard has already started collecting documents on GitHub to assist with the workshop. However, Gloria notes that there is a lack of normative, reliable rules and documentation surrounding tx-relay and mempool acceptances. L2 projects maintainers should be prepared to upgrade their protocols in emergencies in coordination with base layer developers.Overall, the proposal aims to address the security and operational concerns of Lightning and Bitcoin second-layers through virtual meetings, with the goal of improving tx-relay and mempool acceptance rules. The timeline includes a consultation period, submission of additional topics, and the actual IRC meetings. Antoine Riard's collection of documents on GitHub is available to assist with the workshop, and interested individuals are encouraged to get involved.</p>
        <hr>
        <p><i>Updated on: 2023-08-02T03:40:40.608811+00:00</i></p>
    

    

    <footer>
        <span style="font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">&#10084;&#65039;</span> <a href="https://chaincode.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">Chaincode</a>
    </footer>
</body>

</html>