<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
    <title>Atom Feed Display</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../archive_styles.css">
</head>

<body BGCOLOR="#fffffb">
    
    <h1>CTV Meeting #2 Summary &amp; Minutes <span class="combined-summary">[combined summary]</span></h1>
    <hr class="solid">
    <br><b>Individual post summaries:</b>
    
        <ul>
            
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Feb_2022/019855_CTV-Meeting-2-Summary-Minutes.xml.html">CTV Meeting #2 Summary &amp; Minutes</a>
                        <b>Jeremy Rubin 2022-02-02 20:04:59</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Feb_2022/019855_CTV-Meeting-2-Summary-Minutes.xml.html">CTV Meeting #2 Summary &amp; Minutes</a>
                        <b>Jeremy Rubin 2022-02-02 20:04:59</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Feb_2022/019855_CTV-Meeting-2-Summary-Minutes.xml.html">CTV Meeting #2 Summary &amp; Minutes</a>
                        <b>Jeremy Rubin 2022-02-02 20:04:59</b>
                    </li>
                
            
        </ul>
        
            <a href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-February/019855.html">Click here to read the original discussion on the bitcoin-dev mailing list</a>
        
        <p><i>Published on: 2022-02-02T20:04:59+00:00</i></p>
        <hr>
        <h3>Summary:</h3>
        <p>On January 25th, 2022, a meeting was held to discuss the agenda in conjunction with the notes which were made available. The next meeting is scheduled for next Tuesday at 12:00 PT, and a pre-meeting agenda draft will be circulated shortly. The Bug Bounty program update has set basic rules and is working to formalize the program. A multi-stakeholder organization requires more formality, and the 501c3 status/tax deductibility is available.Feedback review from Luke, James, Peter, Sapio, Vaults, Congestion Control, and Payment Pools were discussed. There were various sentiments expressed about activation/CTV and having clear-cut use cases. The main feedback from Peter was wanting more use cases to be more clear. Vaults had a very strong positive sentiment, and CTV eliminates toxic waste from the setup of vaults with pre-signed txns/requirement for an RNG. CTV/Sapio composability makes vaults somewhat "BIP Resistant" because vaults could be customized heavily per user, depending on needs. CTV Pools particularly seem suited for participant privacy compared to other proposals that require all parties knowing all balances for all other parties to be secure. Congestion Control had shared sentiments that no one really cares about this issue, and it's bad marketing. Anecdotally, exchanges seem less interested in congestion control, mining pools, and Lightning Channel openers seem more into it. There were some questions asked about wallet complexity, space usage, and block space being cheap right now. Still, planning for the future outcome is essential. Users can request payouts into their own CTV-trees without exchanges knowing. Exchanges do stand to benefit from this, so they might. Payment Pools were discussed, and it was stated that they are basically a Congestion Control + Cooperative Close, compose with Channels as leaf nodes.CoinJoins can be done into payment pools. There are some high-level design questions to ask of any payment pool design, and CTV seems to have OK tradeoffs. General discussion included the cost of template covenants via APO and how they can be made similar cost to CTV with the addition of OP_GENERATOR (pushes G to the stack) and OP_CAT via `OP_G OP_CAT 0x01 OP_G OP_CAT CHECKSIG`, or without CAT by allowing checksig to read R and S separately and getting rid of APO 0x01 prefix tags. The rules are subject to change, but issues found under the current descriptions will be awarded in good faith by Jeremy/Ariel for now.</p>
        <hr>
        <p><i>Updated on: 2023-06-15T16:21:56.592962+00:00</i></p>
    

    

    <footer>
        <span style="font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">&#10084;&#65039;</span> <a href="https://chaincode.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">Chaincode</a>
    </footer>
</body>

</html>