<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
    <title>Atom Feed Display</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../archive_styles.css">
</head>

<body BGCOLOR="#fffffb">
    
    <h1>Meeting Summary &amp; Logs for CTV Meeting #5</h1>
    <hr class="solid">
    
    <ul>
        
        
            <p><b>Author:</b> Jorge Tim√≥n 2022-03-09 11:08:06
            <br><i>Published on: 2022-03-09T11:08:06+00:00</i></p>

        
        

        
        
        <li>
            
                <a href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2022-March/020091.html">Click here to read original discussion on the bitcoin-dev mailing list</a>
            
        </li>

    </ul>

    <hr>
    <h3> Summary:</h3>
    <p>In a bitcoin-dev mailing list, Jeremy Rubin shared updates on various topics. Firstly, Sapio has Experimental Taproot Support now, and he mentioned that Rust-bitcoin can use help reviewing. Secondly, he explained the concept of Transaction Sponsors and why it doesn't have a BIP # assigned. Thirdly, James' Vaults Post was discussed, which is similar to prior art on recursive CTV vaults. Fourthly, the mailing list had a conversation about adding more power to protocols, and some proposed solutions for infrastructure issues for more flexible covenants. Finally, there was a general discussion on naming conventions and forking, with some participants expressing concern about ST and proposing unique names like "Hot Tub Coin Machine" and "OP_DOTHETHING".</p>
    <hr>
    <p><i> Updated on: 2023-06-15T17:50:54.790581+00:00 </i></p>
    
    

    <footer>
        <span style="font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">&#10084;&#65039;</span> <a href="https://chaincode.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">Chaincode</a>
    </footer>
</body>

</html>