<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
    <title>Atom Feed Display</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../archive_styles.css">
</head>

<body BGCOLOR="#fffffb">
    
    <h1>#bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting Minutes 2015-10-29</h1>
    <hr class="solid">
    
    <ul>
        
        
            <p><b>Author:</b> Daniel Stadulis 2015-11-02 10:55:38
            <br><i>Published on: 2015-11-02T10:55:38+00:00</i></p>

        
        

        
        
        <li>
            
                <a href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-November/011651.html">Click here to read original discussion on the bitcoin-dev mailing list</a>
            
        </li>

    </ul>

    <hr>
    <h3> Summary:</h3>
    <p>On October 29, 2015, the #bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting was held from 19:00-20:00 UTC. The meeting was attended by several participants including dstadulis, morcos, sipa, jgarzik, rusty, warren, jeremyrubin, evoskuil, Luke-Jr, dcousens, gmaxwell, jtimon, mcelrath, and btcdrak. Topics discussed included the upcoming softfork, chain limits agreement status, backporting policy, leveldb replacement, clang format, BIP-68, and BIP-112.Regarding the upcoming softfork, there were discussions on solely CLTV with Morcos, Petertodd, and Dcousens. There were also talks about softfork coordination with other clients. The Chain Limits Agreement Status was discussed, and there were debates on what should be sufficient consensus for merges. Backporting Policy was also talked about during the meeting.Leveldb Replacement was discussed, with considerations given to when code is abstracted and allows for testing. Alternative implementations exist, and testing was encouraged. No future moves are planned at this time. Clang format history review was done during the meeting, and it was proposed a while ago to clang-format file set. Once done, maintain those files' formatting with automation (git hook checks or whatnot). Clang format behavior changes "randomly" from version to version.There were also discussions on BIP-68 regarding “Mempool-only sequence number constraint verification” Implementation PR #6312. Concerns were raised regarding skipping missing inputs. BIP-112: Mempool-only CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY PR #6564 was also discussed.The meeting concluded with action items assigned to responsible parties, such as Morcos reporting chain stats and sipa and Rusty reviewing BIP68 implementation #6312. IRC Chat Logs, Meetingbot Minutes in HTML and text format, and IRC Log are available for further reference.</p>
    <hr>
    <p><i> Updated on: 2023-06-11T00:51:03.085244+00:00 </i></p>
    
    

    <footer>
        <span style="font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">&#10084;&#65039;</span> <a href="https://chaincode.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">Chaincode</a>
    </footer>
</body>

</html>