<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
    <title>Atom Feed Display</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../archive_styles.css">
</head>

<body BGCOLOR="#fffffb">
    
    <h1>Taproot activation meeting on IRC - Tuesday 16th March 19:00 UTC</h1>
    <hr class="solid">
    
    <ul>
        
        
            <p><b>Author:</b> Luke Dashjr 2021-03-15 21:46:35
            <br><i>Published on: 2021-03-15T21:46:35+00:00</i></p>

        
        

        
        
        <li>
        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/March_2021/combined_Taproot-activation-meeting-on-IRC-Tuesday-16th-March-19-00-UTC.xml.html"> Combined Summary of all posts in thread </a>
        </li>
        
        <li>
            
                <a href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-March/018640.html">Click here to read original discussion on the bitcoin-dev mailing list</a>
            
        </li>

    </ul>

    <hr>
    <h3> Summary:</h3>
    <p>Luke Dashjr, a Bitcoin Core developer, has been discussing the timeline and recommendation from the meeting on February 16th regarding the activation proposal for Taproot. The first period overlaps with the last period of AChow's ST pull request. While a release today is impossible, waiting for a week without making any progress is not preferable either. It is hoped that there will be consensus to adapt around ST, shifting everything later. roconnor suggested enclosing ST's timeline, as it is the best solution. Jeremy Rubin wrote back asking Luke to expand on the timeline issue and which timelines are incompatible and why. He also mentioned that keeping the current timeline would require software supporting it to be released today. Jeremy suggested postponing the meeting by a week to prevent arbitrary “too low turnout” measures. Luke agreed to have a discussion tomorrow and a meeting next week to resolve issues in a more binding way. The previous meeting had consensus for BIP8 activation parameters except LOT, assuming a release around this time. Since then, a release has not occurred, and the new idea of Speedy Trial has been proposed to preempt the original/main activation plan. There haven't been enough people involved in materializing the main activation plan, and if it's going to move forward, more people need to get actively involved. This meeting is tentatively scheduled for March 16th at the usual time of 19:00 UTC, in freenode's ##Taproot-activation IRC channel.</p>
    <hr>
    <p><i> Updated on: 2023-06-14T19:29:50.237025+00:00 </i></p>
    
    

    <footer>
        <span style="font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">&#10084;&#65039;</span> <a href="https://chaincode.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">Chaincode</a>
    </footer>
</body>

</html>