<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
    <title>Atom Feed Display</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../archive_styles.css">
</head>

<body BGCOLOR="#fffffb">
    
    <h1>Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support <span class="combined-summary">[combined summary]</span></h1>
    <hr class="solid">
    <br><b>Individual post summaries:</b>
    
        <ul>
            
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019079_Tuesday-s-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support.html">Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</a>
                        <b>Michael Folkson 2021-06-17 17:01:59</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019099_Tuesday-s-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support.html">Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</a>
                        <b>Billy Tetrud 2021-06-22 18:01:46</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019100_Tuesday-s-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support.html">Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</a>
                        <b>Billy Tetrud 2021-06-22 18:26:34</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019098_Tuesday-s-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support.html">Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</a>
                        <b>Michael Folkson 2021-06-22 18:40:19</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019098_Tuesday-s-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support.html">Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</a>
                        <b>Michael Folkson 2021-06-22 18:40:19</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019100_Tuesday-s-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support.html">Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</a>
                        <b>Billy Tetrud 2021-06-22 18:26:34</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019097_Tuesday-s-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support.html">Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</a>
                        <b>Michael Folkson 2021-06-22 18:21:39</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019099_Tuesday-s-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support.html">Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</a>
                        <b>Billy Tetrud 2021-06-22 18:01:46</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019100_Tuesday-s-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support.html">Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</a>
                        <b>Billy Tetrud 2021-06-22 18:26:34</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019097_Tuesday-s-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support.html">Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</a>
                        <b>Michael Folkson 2021-06-22 18:21:39</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019099_Tuesday-s-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support.html">Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</a>
                        <b>Billy Tetrud 2021-06-22 18:01:46</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019079_Tuesday-s-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support.html">Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</a>
                        <b>Michael Folkson 2021-06-17 17:01:59</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019098_Tuesday-s-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support.html">Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</a>
                        <b>Michael Folkson 2021-06-22 18:40:19</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019079_Tuesday-s-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support.html">Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</a>
                        <b>Michael Folkson 2021-06-17 17:01:59</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/June_2021/019097_Tuesday-s-IRC-workshop-on-L2-onchain-support.html">Tuesday’s IRC workshop on L2 onchain support</a>
                        <b>Michael Folkson 2021-06-22 18:21:39</b>
                    </li>
                
            
        </ul>
        
            <a href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-June/019079.html">Click here to read the original discussion on the bitcoin-dev mailing list</a>
        
        <p><i>Published on: 2021-06-17T17:01:59+00:00</i></p>
        <hr>
        <h3>Summary:</h3>
        <p>The Bitcoin community recently held a workshop to discuss various topics related to L2 protocols. One of the main objectives was to strengthen the security assumption of transaction propagation and inclusion in a time-sensitive mined block. The participants discussed fee-sensitive timelocks, transaction relay overlay networks, and mining pools exposing public APIs to push transactions directly. However, it was acknowledged that there will never be perfect security guarantees on network transaction fee rates or transaction relay.The impact of changes to Bitcoin Core on L2 protocols was also discussed during the workshop. Chris_Stewart_5 proposed a nightly bitcoind build to give L2 developers a way to write regression tests against the latest builds of bitcoind. Additionally, a proposal for full Replace-by-Fee (RBF) in a future version of Bitcoin Core was posted, but concerns were raised about mempool partitions and its impact on businesses relying on zero confirmations.The Bitcoin community also discussed fee-sensitive timelocks and the potential challenges of obtaining the current network fee rate and feeding it into the script. Discussions revolved around miners' profit incentive, mining pools exposing public APIs to push transactions directly, and the impact of changes to Bitcoin Core on L2 protocols.Full replace-by-fee (RBF) proposals were also discussed, with ariard proposing full RBF in a future version of Bitcoin Core. However, BlueMatt pointed out that even with full RBF, it is trivial to create mempool partitions. The next meeting will focus on fee bumping and package relay advancements in Bitcoin Core. glozow has been working on these topics, and their progress will be discussed. The discussion log and additional notes from the workshop can be found in the L2 zoology repo set up by ariard.</p>
        <hr>
        <p><i>Updated on: 2023-06-14T23:20:45.016874+00:00</i></p>
    

    

    <footer>
        <span style="font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">&#10084;&#65039;</span> <a href="https://chaincode.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">Chaincode</a>
    </footer>
</body>

</html>