<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
    <title>Atom Feed Display</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../archive_styles.css">
</head>

<body BGCOLOR="#fffffb">
    
    <h1>Bitcoin Contracting Primitives WG 6th Meeting, Tuesday 18 Apr. 18:00 UTC <span class="combined-summary">[combined summary]</span></h1>
    <hr class="solid">
    <br><b>Individual post summaries:</b>
    
        <ul>
            
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/April_2023/021561_Bitcoin-Contracting-Primitives-WG-6th-Meeting-Tuesday-18-Apr-18-00-UTC.xml.html">Bitcoin Contracting Primitives WG 6th Meeting, Tuesday 18 Apr. 18:00 UTC</a>
                        <b>Antoine Riard 2023-04-18 04:11:03</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/April_2023/021561_Bitcoin-Contracting-Primitives-WG-6th-Meeting-Tuesday-18-Apr-18-00-UTC.xml.html">Bitcoin Contracting Primitives WG 6th Meeting, Tuesday 18 Apr. 18:00 UTC</a>
                        <b>Antoine Riard 2023-04-18 04:11:03</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/April_2023/021561_Bitcoin-Contracting-Primitives-WG-6th-Meeting-Tuesday-18-Apr-18-00-UTC.xml.html">Bitcoin Contracting Primitives WG 6th Meeting, Tuesday 18 Apr. 18:00 UTC</a>
                        <b>Antoine Riard 2023-04-18 04:11:03</b>
                    </li>
                
            
        </ul>
        
            <a href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2023-April/021561.html">Click here to read the original discussion on the bitcoin-dev mailing list</a>
        
        <p><i>Published on: 2023-04-18T04:11:03+00:00</i></p>
        <hr>
        <h3>Summary:</h3>
        <p>Antoine has proposed a date and time for the 6th Bitcoin contracting primitives WG meeting, which is scheduled on Tuesday, April 18th at 18:00 UTC. The meeting will discuss the active topics of ANYPREVOUT+OP_VAULT, payments pools/factories, Eltoo channels, and vaults that have been worked on in recent months. The proposal can be accessed on GitHub. Antoine apologized for the late announcement and mentioned making an announcement about the meeting last week on #bitcoin-contracting-primitives-wg on Libera chat. He will host the meeting. Furthermore, Antoine is looking for more maintainers and reviewers for the repository. He aims to achieve high-quality archiving of the consensus changes documentation. He believes that the meetings are helpful for listening to what everyone has been working on and identifying if review bandwidth is needed. Overall, the meeting is expected to be informative and productive for the attendees.</p>
        <hr>
        <p><i>Updated on: 2023-06-16T17:27:07.900161+00:00</i></p>
    

    

    <footer>
        <span style="font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">&#10084;&#65039;</span> <a href="https://chaincode.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">Chaincode</a>
    </footer>
</body>

</html>