<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
    <title>Atom Feed Display</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../archive_styles.css">
</head>

<body BGCOLOR="#fffffb">
    
    <h1>2015-10-01 #bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting Minutes</h1>
    <hr class="solid">
    
    <ul>
        
        
            <p><b>Author:</b> Daniel Stadulis 2015-10-02 08:06:22
            <br><i>Published on: 2015-10-02T08:06:22+00:00</i></p>

        
        

        
        
        <li>
            
                <a href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2015-October/011339.html">Click here to read original discussion on the bitcoin-dev mailing list</a>
            
        </li>

    </ul>

    <hr>
    <h3> Summary:</h3>
    <p>The #bitcoin-dev Weekly Development Meeting took place on October 1st, 2015 from 19:00-20:00 UTC. Participants included dstadulis, wumpus, morcos, gmaxwell, btcdrak, jonasshnelli, maaku, sdaftuar, sipa, BlueMatt, CodeShark, Luke-Jr, bsm117532, and jgarzik. The IRC Chat Logs for the meeting are available at <a href="http://bitcoinstats.com/irc/bitcoin-dev/logs/2015/10/01">http://bitcoinstats.com/irc/bitcoin-dev/logs/2015/10/01</a>#l1443726030.0.During the meeting, various topics were discussed, including mempool limiting, BIP68 + CHECKSEQUENCEVERIFY, CLTV soft fork deployment, and libconsensus merge time window. It was agreed that there should be a merge window for move-only changes, and jtimon will document higher-level rationales for moves so people can first agree on what should move where.Several action items were assigned to various individuals. BlueMatt was responsible for finishing the 6722 code with an undetermined due date, while others were tasked with trying to attack 6722, 6557, and 6673 to see edge-case behavior. Morcos was to email dev list with chain-limit proposal, and sdaftuar will review proposal before the list is emailed. All members were asked to review/ACKs of BIP68 #6312, BIP112 CSV #6564, and BIP113 #6566 by October 8th, and all needed to backport PRs #6706 and #6707 (backport 0.10 and 0.11 respectively) with review ASAP. Jtimon was also asked to document higher-level rationales for libconsensus moves with an undetermined due date.</p>
    <hr>
    <p><i> Updated on: 2023-06-10T23:41:39.758897+00:00 </i></p>
    
    

    <footer>
        <span style="font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">&#10084;&#65039;</span> <a href="https://chaincode.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">Chaincode</a>
    </footer>
</body>

</html>