<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
    <title>Atom Feed Display</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../archive_styles.css">
</head>

<body BGCOLOR="#fffffb">
    
    <h1>L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop : Agenda &amp; Schedule <span class="combined-summary">[combined summary]</span></h1>
    <hr class="solid">
    <br><b>Individual post summaries:</b>
    
        <ul>
            
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/May_2021/018925_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop-Agenda-Schedule.xml.html">L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop : Agenda &amp; Schedule</a>
                        <b>Antoine Riard 2021-05-12 14:35:34</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/May_2021/018925_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop-Agenda-Schedule.xml.html">L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop : Agenda &amp; Schedule</a>
                        <b>Antoine Riard 2021-05-12 14:35:34</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/May_2021/018925_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop-Agenda-Schedule.xml.html">L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop : Agenda &amp; Schedule</a>
                        <b>Antoine Riard 2021-05-12 14:35:34</b>
                    </li>
                
            
        </ul>
        
            <a href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2021-May/018925.html">Click here to read the original discussion on the bitcoin-dev mailing list</a>
        
        <p><i>Published on: 2021-05-12T14:35:34+00:00</i></p>
        <hr>
        <h3>Summary:</h3>
        <p>The email's author is proposing an early agenda and schedule for a workshop announcement. The dates for the meeting have been picked 2 weeks after the end of Miami's conference to accommodate the American crowd who may be traveling, with additional sessions set up for folks from Asia/Pacific timezones who want to participate. Two meetings are scheduled for Tuesday, June 15th, and Tuesday, June 22nd, with a third one planned on June 29th if necessary.Topics for discussion include guidelines about L2 protocols onchain security design, coordinated cross-layers security disclosures, full-RBF proposal, package relay design and/or generic L2 fee-bumping primitive. Discussions will take place on the new chan #l2-onchain-support freenode. The author will prepare a series of open questions and resource pointers for each topic and is interested in L2 protocol dev/designer specific transaction relay requirements for their projects.Anyone can share them in the L2-zoology repo (<a href="https://github.com/ariard/L2-zoology/tree/master/protocols)">https://github.com/ariard/L2-zoology/tree/master/protocols)</a> or anywhere else. The space for L2 security models is growing fast. The author also mentions coming up with weaponized pinning attacks against LN nodes and proposals on how you can improve double-spend protection hopefully with package relay or p2p extensions if we move towards full-rbf.</p>
        <hr>
        <p><i>Updated on: 2023-06-14T21:50:46.717548+00:00</i></p>
    

    

    <footer>
        <span style="font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">&#10084;&#65039;</span> <a href="https://chaincode.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">Chaincode</a>
    </footer>
</body>

</html>