<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
    <title>Atom Feed Display</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../archive_styles.css">
</head>

<body BGCOLOR="#fffffb">
    
    <h1>L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</h1>
    <hr class="solid">
    
    <ul>
        
        
            <p><b>Author:</b> Antoine Riard 2021-04-23 15:11:56
            <br><i>Published on: 2021-04-23T15:11:56+00:00</i></p>

        
        

        
        
        <li>
        <a href="/lightning-dev/April_2021/combined_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.html"> Combined Summary of all posts in thread </a>
        </li>
        
        <li>
            
                <a href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2021-April/003002.html">Click here to read original discussion on the lightning-dev mailing list</a>
            
        </li>

    </ul>

    <hr>
    <h3> Summary:</h3>
    <p>In recent years, the tx-relay and mempool acceptance rules of the base layer have posed security and operational concerns for Lightning and other Bitcoin second-layers. There is a need for significant improvements in these areas to facilitate the design and deployment of higher Bitcoin layers, and this opinion is shared among the L2 dev community. In-person workshops were proposed to discuss these issues with both L1/L2 devs, but due to travel restrictions, a series of IRC meetings has been suggested as a substitute. The meetings will gather more interested individuals than can fit in a room.The proposed topics of discussion include package relay design or another generic L2 fee-bumping primitive like sponsorship, deprecation of opt-in RBF toward full-rbf, guidelines about coordinated cross-layers security disclosures, and guidelines about L2 protocols on-chain security design. Other topics related to tx-relay or mempools improvements towards L2s are also welcome during the 2-week consultation period before finalizing the scope and agenda.The goals of the meetings are to reach technical consensus and establish a security incident response policy, philosophy design, and associated documentation (BIPs, best practices, etc.), before seeking community consensus as it likely has ecosystem-wide implications. The timeline includes a concertation period starting from April 23, 2021, until May 7, 2021, followed by IRC meetings scheduled for late May/June 2021.The problem space being wide, a collection of documents is available to assist the workshop at <a href="https://github.com/ariard/L2-zoology">https://github.com/ariard/L2-zoology</a>. The documents are still work in progress, but they will be in good shape at agenda publication, with reading suggestions and open questions to structure discussions. Those interested in L2s security/p2p/mempool can get involved.</p>
    <hr>
    <p><i> Updated on: 2023-06-03T03:55:21.243924+00:00 </i></p>
    
    

    <footer>
        <span style="font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">&#10084;&#65039;</span> <a href="https://chaincode.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">Chaincode</a>
    </footer>
</body>

</html>