<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
    <title>Atom Feed Display</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../archive_styles.css">
</head>

<body BGCOLOR="#fffffb">
    
    <h1>L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</h1>
    <hr class="solid">
    
    <ul>
        
        
            <p><b>Author:</b> Antoine Riard 2021-04-23 15:39:15
            <br><i>Published on: 2021-04-23T15:39:15+00:00</i></p>

        
        

        
        
        <li>
        <a href="/lightning-dev/April_2021/combined_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.html"> Combined Summary of all posts in thread </a>
        </li>
        
        <li>
            
                <a href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2021-April/003004.html">Click here to read original discussion on the lightning-dev mailing list</a>
            
        </li>

    </ul>

    <hr>
    <h3> Summary:</h3>
    <p>A proposal has been made to organize a series of IRC meetings to discuss improvements to the tx-relay and mempool acceptance rules of the base layer, which have been sources of major security and operational concerns for Lightning and other Bitcoin second-layers. Due to travel restrictions, an in-person workshop will not be possible this year, but the substitution of IRC meetings will allow for more people interested in these issues to participate. The proposed topics of discussion include package relay design, deprecation of opt-in RBF, guidelines about coordinated cross-layers security disclosures, and guidelines about L2 protocols onchain security design. The goals of the meetings include reaching technical consensus and establishing a security incident response policy, among others. A 2-week period has been allotted for additional topic suggestions related to tx-relay or mempools improvements before finalizing the scope and agenda for the meetings. The proposer has started a collection of documents to assist with the workshop and is working on simulations of transaction pinning and mempool partition attacks.</p>
    <hr>
    <p><i> Updated on: 2023-06-03T03:55:56.822265+00:00 </i></p>
    
    

    <footer>
        <span style="font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">&#10084;&#65039;</span> <a href="https://chaincode.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">Chaincode</a>
    </footer>
</body>

</html>