<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
    <title>Atom Feed Display</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../archive_styles.css">
</head>

<body BGCOLOR="#fffffb">
    
    <h1>L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop <span class="combined-summary">[combined summary]</span></h1>
    <hr class="solid">
    <br><b>Individual post summaries:</b>
    
        <ul>
            
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/lightning-dev/April_2021/003006_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.html">L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</a>
                        <b>Bastien TEINTURIER 2021-04-23 16:17:36+00:00</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/lightning-dev/April_2021/003004_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.html">L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</a>
                        <b>Antoine Riard 2021-04-23 15:39:15+00:00</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/lightning-dev/April_2021/003003_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.html">L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</a>
                        <b>Jeremy 2021-04-23 15:25:19+00:00</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/lightning-dev/April_2021/003002_L2s-Onchain-Support-IRC-Workshop.html">L2s Onchain Support IRC Workshop</a>
                        <b>Antoine Riard 2021-04-23 15:11:56+00:00</b>
                    </li>
                
            
        </ul>
        
            <a href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2021-April/003006.html">Click here to read the original discussion on the lightning-dev mailing list</a>
        
        <p><i>Published on: 2021-04-23T16:17:36+00:00</i></p>
        <hr>
        <h3>Summary:</h3>
        <p>A proposal has been put forward to hold a series of IRC meetings to discuss improvements that need to be made to the tx-relay and mempool acceptance rules of the Bitcoin base layer. These areas have caused security and operational concerns for Lightning and other Bitcoin second-layers. Due to travel restrictions, an in-person workshop is not possible this year, so the suggestion of IRC meetings allows for more participants interested in these issues to take part.The proposed topics of discussion include package relay design, deprecation of opt-in RBF, guidelines about coordinated cross-layers security disclosures, and guidelines about L2 protocols onchain security design. The main goals of the meetings are to reach technical consensus, establish a security incident response policy, and develop a philosophy design with associated documentations such as BIPs and best practices.The timeline for the meetings is set to begin in late May or June. Before finalizing the scope and agenda for the meetings, there is a two-week period for additional topic suggestions related to tx-relay or mempools improvements. The proposer has started gathering documents to assist with the workshop and is also working on simulations of transaction pinning and mempool partition attacks.The purpose of these meetings is to address the significant improvements needed in the tx-relay and mempool acceptance rules of the base layer to facilitate the design and deployment of higher Bitcoin layers. This need for improvement is recognized by the L2 dev community. In-person workshops were originally proposed, but the IRC meetings will allow for a larger number of interested individuals to participate.The proposed topics cover various aspects of design and security, including package relay design, deprecation of opt-in RBF, guidelines for security disclosures, and on-chain security design for L2 protocols. Other related topics can also be suggested during the consultation period before finalizing the scope and agenda of the meetings.The goals of these meetings are to reach technical consensus, establish a security incident response policy, and develop a philosophy design with associated documentations. The timeline includes a two-week consultation period starting from April 23, 2021, until May 7, 2021, followed by IRC meetings scheduled for late May or June 2021.To assist with the workshop, a collection of documents has been created on GitHub at <a href="https://github.com/ariard/L2-zoology">https://github.com/ariard/L2-zoology</a>. These documents are still a work in progress but will be in good shape at the time of agenda publication. They will provide reading suggestions and open questions to structure the discussions. Those interested in L2s security, P2P, and mempool can get involved in these meetings.</p>
        <hr>
        <p><i>Updated on: 2023-07-31T23:26:32.996990+00:00</i></p>
    

    

    <footer>
        <span style="font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">&#10084;&#65039;</span> <a href="https://chaincode.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">Chaincode</a>
    </footer>
</body>

</html>