<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
    <title>Atom Feed Display</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../archive_styles.css">
</head>

<body BGCOLOR="#fffffb">
    
    <h1>IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday <span class="combined-summary">[combined summary]</span></h1>
    <hr class="solid">
    <br><b>Individual post summaries:</b>
    
        <ul>
            
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001956_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Mike Hearn 2012-11-08 09:19:05</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001950_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Gavin Andresen 2012-11-06 18:47:34</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001954_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Luke-Jr 2012-11-06 22:12:53</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001955_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Pieter Wuille 2012-11-07 19:37:26</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001956_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Mike Hearn 2012-11-08 09:19:05</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001958_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Gregory Maxwell 2012-11-08 13:07:31</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001950_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Gavin Andresen 2012-11-06 18:47:34</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001953_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>slush 2012-11-06 19:56:23</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001951_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Luke-Jr 2012-11-06 19:13:33</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001955_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Pieter Wuille 2012-11-07 19:37:26</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001957_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Pieter Wuille 2012-11-08 12:56:52</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001951_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Luke-Jr 2012-11-06 19:13:33</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001953_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>slush 2012-11-06 19:56:23</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001957_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Pieter Wuille 2012-11-08 12:56:52</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001951_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Luke-Jr 2012-11-06 19:13:33</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001955_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Pieter Wuille 2012-11-07 19:37:26</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001957_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Pieter Wuille 2012-11-08 12:56:52</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001953_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>slush 2012-11-06 19:56:23</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001954_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Luke-Jr 2012-11-06 22:12:53</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001958_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Gregory Maxwell 2012-11-08 13:07:31</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001954_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Luke-Jr 2012-11-06 22:12:53</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001950_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Gavin Andresen 2012-11-06 18:47:34</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001956_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Mike Hearn 2012-11-08 09:19:05</b>
                    </li>
                
                    <li>
                        <a href="/bitcoin-dev/Nov_2012/001958_IRC-meeting-agenda-18-00-UTC-Thursday.xml.html">IRC meeting agenda, 18:00 UTC Thursday</a>
                        <b>Gregory Maxwell 2012-11-08 13:07:31</b>
                    </li>
                
            
        </ul>
        
            <a href="https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/bitcoin-dev/2012-November/001956.html">Click here to read the original discussion on the bitcoin-dev mailing list</a>
        
        <p><i>Published on: 2012-11-08T09:19:05+00:00</i></p>
        <hr>
        <h3>Summary:</h3>
        <p>The Bitcoin core development team holds meetings every Thursday at 18:00 UTC via the #bitcoin-dev freenode IRC channel to discuss issues related to Bitcoin. Gavin Andresen, a prominent member of the team, suggested creating a to-do list to get to a 0.8 release candidate, freezing features, and working on testing new features and fixing existing bugs. The BIP process was also evaluated, with Gavin emphasizing the importance of encouraging wider community participation.Mike Hearn questioned the need for a process to allocate numbers in the BIP process and expressed concerns about the feature freeze of 0.8. He wanted more time to work on bloom filtering before freezing features, but Pieter agreed with the sentiment while noting that ultraprune would speak for itself. There were still some TODOs left for ultraprune, including auto-migrating old data and UTXO set consistency checks at startup.In a discussion regarding BIP, Luke-Jr emphasized the importance of encouraging wider community participation, while Slush argued that it's not just about the BIP process but also the content of proposals. The discussion also shifted to the topic of stratum mining and its related protocol. Overall, members of the core development team emphasized the importance of collaboration and community participation in improving the BIP process and implementing scalability improvements such as ultraprune and bloom filtering. The team plans to put together a TODO list to create a 0.8 release candidate and discuss whether it's time to feature-freeze 0.8 and focus on testing new features and fixing existing bugs, given the growing length of the issues list.Another issue identified was the failure of key members of the community to participate in the GBT BIP process. To improve the process, efforts should be made to increase awareness of BIP and encourage more collaboration. There were also concerns that freezing RPC and GUI changes might lead to delays on QA for those updates, and discussions should take place to determine what needed to be done to get the current version ready for release.</p>
        <hr>
        <p><i>Updated on: 2023-06-06T08:26:58.351020+00:00</i></p>
    

    

    <footer>
        <span style="font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">&#10084;&#65039;</span> <a href="https://chaincode.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer" style="text-decoration: none; color: inherit;">Chaincode</a>
    </footer>
</body>

</html>